Reword and add uniformity to Standard Library documentation (#4464)
edgedb/edgedb: docs/stdlib/bytes.rst

      - Returns the number of bytes.

    * - :eql:func:`contains`

>       - Checks if the byte sequence contains a subsequence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Checks if the byte sequence contains a given subsequence.
```

    * - :eql:func:`find`

>       - Finds the index of the first occurrence in a subsequence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Finds the index of the first occurrence of a subsequence.
```

"in" should be reverted since we're finding the index *of* the subsequence in the overall sequence. The other change is good.

.. eql:type:: std::bytes

    Represents a sequence of bytes delineating raw data.

    .. note::

>       Bytes also have a special byte literal, ``b''``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Bytes have a special byte literal, ``b''``.
```

        db> select b'Hello,\x20world\x01';
        {b'Hello, world\x01'}

    Additionally, :ref:`generic <ref_std_generic>`
    functions are able to operate on bytes:

    .. code-block:: edgeql-repl

        db> select contains(b'qwerty', b'42');
        {false}

>     Bytes are represented as Base64-encoded strings in JSON. When you cast a

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Bytes are rendered as Base64-encoded strings in JSON. When you cast a
```

        db> select b'Hello,\x20world\x01';
        {b'Hello, world\x01'}

    Additionally, :ref:`generic <ref_std_generic>`
    functions are able to act upon bytes:

    .. code-block:: edgeql-repl

        db> select contains(b'qwerty', b'42');
        {false}

>     It is possible to :eql:op:`cast <cast>` between bytes and

Reviewer: Mirroring the change in casting information for the boolean type:
>    You may :eql:op:`cast <cast>` a JSON value into bytes.

The next sentence feels to me like a note after the example, but I could see an argument for keeping it here too. I've not formatted this as a suggestion so you can decide where you think is the best place for the info about Base64 encoding.

>     are represented as Base64-encoded strings in JSON.

Reviewer: I believe my new rewrite addresses this, but let me know if it doesn't:

```rest
    Bytes are represented as Base64-encoded strings in JSON. When you cast a
    bytes value into JSON, that's what you'll get. In order to :eql:op:`cast
    <cast>` a :eql:type:`json` value into bytes, it must be a Base64-encoded
    string.
```

.. eql:operator:: bytesidx: bytes [ int64 ] -> bytes

>     Indexes a set of bytes.

Reviewer: Let's mirror the array index changes here.

.. eql:operator:: bytesslice: bytes [ int64 : int64 ] -> bytes

>     Slices a set of bytes between an :eql:type:`int64` range.

Reviewer: Again, mirror the array slice changes.

.. eql:operator:: bytesplus: bytes ++ bytes -> bytes

    Concatenates two given sets of :eql:type:`bytes` into one.

>     This results in a reference of both bytesets conjoined together:

Reviewer: Mirror array concat changes

.. eql:function:: std::bytes_get_bit(bytes: bytes, nth: int64) -> int64

>     Returns the *nth* bit of ``bytes`` as a value of :eql:type:`int64`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Returns the specified bit of the bytes value.
```

>     When looking for the ``nth`` bit, this function will enumerate bits from
>     least-to-most significant with each byte:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When looking for the *nth* bit, this function will enumerate bits from
    least-to-most significant in each byte.
```

.. eql:function:: std::bytes_get_bit(bytes: bytes, nth: int64) -> int64

>     Returns the ``nth`` bit of ``bytes`` as a value of :eql:type:`int64`.

Reviewer: Move references from one-liner to details and style them with emphasis (`*`) instead of as inline code.
